1. How has your knowledge of the tech field changed since class began?Now that I understand a little bit more about the tech field, I feel like a baby learning how to crawl. In a sense that I still don’t think that I know enough, my knowledge is still in the beginning stages, but I can do enough to keep moving. I have definitely incorporated it into my daily life, such that when I see an app on my phone, I see the features and think that they probably did it using such and such methods. However having said all that, I have learned a lot. Looking back at my first week I to now that I can create my own website and host it, I feel like if I didn’t go through the whole 8 weeks of foundations I wouldn’t have been able to learn all this by myself. 2. What was the most difficult part of Foundations for you? And how did you overcome that?The most difficult part, and still is, is writing functions in Javascript. I still am not fully aware of all the methods and maybe how the logic should be written.  I am still working on it. 3. Did you learn anything about the way you learn? What was it?I’ve learnt that it is important for me to spend time after classes going over what is taught in class, re-trying the problems and solidifying it in my mind. It is a different thing when the “click” in your own brain happens and you claim that solution as your own compared to when taught by a mentor. 4. How will you apply what you know about your learning style during Specializations?I definitely will spend more time after classes going over what I have learned, and even more so because Specializations sounds intense. 5. What was your experience with pair programming like?I have enjoyed pair programming because it helps when you have a partner that you can talk and listen to, and share both of your thought processes. Also, it is easier for a partner to notice your coding errors, so that also comes in handy. Sometimes we can get stuck on a thing, but with another brain to help it makes the job easier. However, I needed to really put myself out there because I am more introverted and I don’t necessarily like talking to people. 6. What parts of Foundations did you enjoy the most? (This could be anything from a specific lab or lecture to the general setup of class or a funny moment.)I do like the layout of Foundations, where we start off with an ice breaker. We start 5am Hawaii time, so I need that time to just wake up and start prepping my brain before we go into the lecture itself. I also enjoyed the first week very much! Designing a website was the fun-nest part for me. 